Respect the committee. They’re here to make sure the server, and society, stays an awesome place for all. If they tell you to stop doing something, stop. If you have an issue with a decision a committee member has made, you can bring the complaint to another committee member and we will have a discussion. Abuse will not be tolerated.

If you have an issue with another member of the server, a ruling by the committee, or anything else related to the running of the server, message a committee member privately. Do not air your grievances publicly.

Only ping if you have a good reason.

Don’t spam. This includes (but is not limited to): repetitive messages, excessive use of emojis & emotes, excessive use of caps, and lyric spam. This will result in a server mute.

Stay on-topic and use the relevant channel wherever possible (e.g. no memes in <#206351865754025984>).

We are a Developers Society, this is not a place for politics. Light discussion may be had, however, debates should be taken to DMs. 

Keep things civil. Discussions are encouraged and disagreements are fine, but any disrespect, abuse or harassment of other members will not be tolerated, and instant bans or server mutes will potentially be handed out at the committee’s discretion. This includes unwanted sexual advances, creepy messages, deliberate attempts to annoy other users, or behaviour that makes other users feel uncomfortable. Swearing is permitted, but don’t overdo it.

No bigotry or racist/homophobic/transphobic/ableist etc language of any kind.

When in a VC, do not play music or other loud noises without the consent of other participants, including loud shouting or other forms of vocal spam.

No porn, gore, NSFW material or anything illegal, not even as a joke. No posting suspicious links.

No one on the server is trained to support your mental health properly, nor should be expected to, ask to be signposted to the right resources. 

The <#1019653302218133576> channel is where members can offer assistance if you’re having trouble with your work, no-one owes you tutoring and you should not expect people to do your work for you.

Do not impersonate anyone else, including but not limited to members of this server. Anyone trying to impersonate a member of the committee will be instantly banned.

You are encouraged to include your preferred name in your nickname (eg [Redacted] | Hannah), although not compulsory. Taking on a pronoun role is also encouraged but not required, but year group roles are compulsory.

No NSFW or Distressing content (e.g. linking videos with those jumpscares from 2010; you know the ones)

Custom profile pictures, nicknames and reacts must abide by the server’s rules and Discord’s TOS. Offensive, illegal, or inappropriate ones are not permitted.

No doxxing, sharing of others’ private personal information (including but not limited to: surnames, full names, home addresses, IP addresses, phone numbers etc), or encouraging raids on other servers. Each of these will warrant an immediate ban.

ABIDE BY DISCORD’S TERMS OF SERVICE - In addition to these rules, you must abide by Discord’s TOS (which you should have already signed). Anyone found to be in violation of TOS will be banned